docs: align docs with `FeedbackDataset` refactor using `tab-set` (#3531)
recognai/rubrix: docs/_source/guides/llms/conceptual_guides/sft.md

]

dataset.add_records(records)
```

::::{tab-set}

:::{tab-item} Argilla 1.14.0 or higher
```python

> # This publishes the dataset with the records into Argilla and returns the dataset in Argilla

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# This publishes the dataset with its records to Argilla and returns the dataset in Argilla
```

> remote_dataset = dataset.push_to_argilla(name="my-dataset", workspace="my-workspace")

Reviewer 2: Same as above `remote_dataset` is not used later. Maybe we can just `push_to_argilla()` in this case?

```
:::

:::{tab-item} Lower than Argilla 1.14.0
```python

> # This publishes the dataset with the records into Argilla and turns the dataset objetct into a dataset in Argilla

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# This publishes the dataset with its records to Argilla and turns the dataset object into a dataset in Argilla
```
